Odbc for psql client support (#44)
nodeshift/kube-service-bindings: README.md

  of, it can map the service bindings into the form
  required by the client. Currently the following clients
  are recognized based on the supported types:

  - KAFKA
    - node-rdkafka
    - kafkajs
  - POSTGRESQL
    - pg
    - odbc
  - REDIS
    - redis
    - ioredis
  - MONGODB
    - mongodb
  - AMQP
    - rhea
  - MYSQL
    - mysql
    - mysql2
    - odbc

  If you don't specify a client, the object returned will
  be a direct map from the bindings, with the keys
  corresponding to the name of each file provided by the
  binding.

- `bindingOptions` - An object where provides control on parsing binding data.

  The structure of the bindingOptions object is as follow:

  ```
  {
    id: undefined,
    removeUnmapped: true,
    allowCopy: false
  }
  ```

  - `id` : `[ Default=undefined ]`
    - Option id that is used to filter the available
      bindings in the search. Most useful for testing where
      you might have more than one binding of a given type
      available.
  - `removeUnmapped` : `[ Default=true ]`
    - Fine grains parsed binding data to fit for the specified client, removing unnecessary properties from the input object.
  - `allowCopy`: `[ Default=false ]`

>     - Enables setting proper permissions for some of the binding data, where the system has not provided them correctly. Succeeds that by copy/pasting the file under a new directory, with the proper permissions. This has to be enabled by the user in order to be aware of the security risk, as some files might include sensitive material. E.x. connecting to postgresql with odbc client, throws the following error for the tls.key file `permissions should be u=rw (0600) or less`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Enables setting proper permissions for some of the binding data, where the system has not
   provided them correctly. It allows binding files content to be copied/stored in a new file
   and directory. This has to be enabled by the user in order to be aware of the security risk,
   as some files might include sensitive material. E.x. connecting to postgresql with odbc
   client, throws the following error for the tls.key file `permissions should be u=rw (0600) or less`.
````
